[16.0][IMP] queue_job: remove dead jobs requeuer cron and automatically requeue dead jobs (#716)
OCA/queue: queue_job/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

.. [1] It works with the threaded Odoo server too, although this way
       of running Odoo is obviously not for production purposes.

> * Jobs in timeout will be automatically be requeued

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jobs that remain in `enqueued` or `started` state (because, for instance, their worker has been killed) will be automatically re-queued.
```
